#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==2.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
astropy==5.3.4
    # via
    #   photutils
    #   poppy
    #   symmetrize
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
babel==2.13.1
    # via sphinx
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via recommonmark
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
docutils==0.18.1
    # via
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
fabio==2023.10.0
    # via silx
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.43.1
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.23.4
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.59.2
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.10.0
    # via
    #   fabio
    #   hdf5plugin
    #   silx
    #   tensorflow
hdf5plugin==4.2.0
    # via fabio
idna==3.4
    # via requests
imageio==2.31.6
    # via scikit-image
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via sphinx
keras==2.11.0
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow
lxml==4.9.3
    # via fabio
markdown==3.5.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poppy
    #   symmetrize
natsort==8.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.2.1
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astropy
    #   contourpy
    #   fabio
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   photutils
    #   poppy
    #   pyerfa
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   silx
    #   symmetrize
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.8.1.78
    # via symmetrize
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   astropy
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   sphinx
    #   tensorflow
photutils==1.9.0
    # via symmetrize
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   fabio
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
poppy==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pyerfa==2.0.1.1
    # via astropy
pygments==2.16.1
    # via sphinx
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via matplotlib
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via astropy
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via symmetrize
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via symmetrize
scipy==1.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poppy
    #   scikit-image
    #   symmetrize
silx==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==7.2.6
    # via
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-applehelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-devhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
    #   sphinxcontrib-qthelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml
    #   symmetrize
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.3.0
    # via symmetrize
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.9
    # via sphinx
symmetrize==0.5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard==2.11.2
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.11.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.34.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via tensorflow
tifffile==2023.9.26
    # via scikit-image
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via tensorflow
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.41.3
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
